[WIP] Example of severity mapping (#2063)
signalfx/splunk-otel-collector: examples/otel-logs-severity-splunk/README.md

# Splunk Severity Mapping Example

> This example showcases how the collector interpret the content of log lines and assign them severity before sending to Splunk Enterprise.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example showcases how the collector interprets the content of log lines and assigns them severity before sending to Splunk Enterprise.
```
